Attend to matters, to the fullest, tinker with details.
Breeds terror, give him his due.
Divisive, sass your parents, cheek them.
Out of his turn, falls to me, fall prey to.
Hold it dear, duped the opponents.
Case-law, safeguard, hand over, no bearing on.
Bear witness to, attest to, instill trust, go unnoticed.
Treated as such, as-is, keep under wraps, well concealed.
We are faced with, do you mind my asking.
Next to nothing comparing with, sought after, in demand, be true to the cause.
On crossroad, find the loophole, take stock of the situation, come across it.
I long to see it come true.
Mishandle, store it in the back of your mind.
Pry into your routines and techniques.
My quick take on it. A short stroll, walkthrough.
They prey on our inconsistencies. Draw on blunders.
Tap into a new realm, tap or deplete resources.
Set about doing this. Cling to this chance. Tinged with.
Don’t be presumptuous. Stems from. Springs to mind.
Backfired. We backslide. Hardship. Apprehensive.
Casting about for candidates. It favours us.
Foregone conclusion. Rambling. Diffuse.
Quibble about words. Mince words. Platitudes.
To the best of my recollections. Inducement. Conflate.
Stir memories. It takes its toll. Glaring, salient, manifest.
Arouse suspicions. All of the sudden.
Doesn’t bode well. Disgruntled. Take aim at you.
Extenuating circumstances. Oversights.
To humour you. Save you the bother. Look a bit off.
A melee, scuffle, skirmish with caustic remarks. Quips.
Digress, stray away from, astray. Slander and gossip.
Angry at the outcome. Squabbling groups, quarrel.
Give rise to, cause, induce, inflict on.
Bamboozle. At odds with each other. What’s it looks like? Prankish. Blinker.
Witting or unwitting, have qualms. Quirk, freak, whim.
Forged, rigged, phony, bogus, doctored, tampered.
Rule out the possibility, to top it all off. Tasks piled up.
Take with a grain of salt. Forgo discussion.
Personal slant. Overdo. Mishandled, say flat out, upfront.
Haughty disdain. Subtleties. Muse on problem, fathom the idea.
Lock horns with us. Vague inkling, hunch, clue, premonition.
Inconsequential, extraneous. Chicken out. Flounder in shallow waters.
Connivance of officials. Allegiance. Step things up.
Surmise, guestimate on scanty evidence.
Distraught person. Spook the customers. Inadvertently.
Little headway, progress. Flunk the test.
Fair enough, couldn’t agree more.
Anti-scientific stance, slant. Preposterous silly idea.
Enticement. Lure. Worth the challenge.
To perrot, air. Outlandish. Uncanny. Haphazard, unsystematic. Tardy and faulty.
Get along with, to occasion it.
He motioned to reconsider.
Fill us in. Apprise. Wishy-washy.
Escape retribution. Subsisted.
Spare us the introduction.
Commendable, praiseworthy. Rebuke.
Final fling. Safely ensconced.
A Pretty far-fetched story. Legit ways.
Miserly person, cormorant. Sycophant. Untether yourself.
Get it done the right way, insatiable demand.
Smirk at someone. Spell out everything.
By and large, generally, all in all, give nuts and bolts.
Fraught with peril. Weary and fatigued.
Hold the grudge. Crave vengeance.
Matter at hand, at issue. Forthcoming with us.
Reprehensible, despicable. Mood swing.
It gives him away. Boils down to.
Tipping point. Inflection. Crunch time.
Pull off intractable problems.
Leaked out the information, rehash old propaganda.
Layman's terms. Standard disclaimer.
Proclivity to, propensity, inclination.
Pangs of conscience. Remorse. Omniscient narrator.
Gaslight, manipulate. Burst into laughter.
Hurl into the fray. Sobering indicator.
Curtailed freedoms, hardly contain himself.
Spin a tale, yarn. Twist facts.
Misread, misspoke. Gratuitous, unwarranted.
Single-handedly, unipersonally. Wholeheartedly advise.
Freaking out the neighbours, honing your skills.
Adamantly claim that, tradeoff.
Obstinacy, stubbornness, intransigency.
Pretty damn punctual. Ostensible.
Lightning rod, surge suppressor.
Mishandled, escape the morass.
Groundwork, square with the story.
Gossiping about, spread rumours, hurl invectives at.
Concur with, concur on this, go along with, agree.
Crack down on justice, off the track, off the rails, beside the point.
As we move down the list, we spot new flaws, jot it down on paper.
Indolent, lazy, reckless, irascible, touchy.
Rife with. Disparage, discredit. Encroach on.
Entrenched in. Deterrent. Inanity. Blabber.
In plain sight, broad day. Eschew, shun, shy away.
Predicament, quandary, conundrum, embarrassment, cumbersome, ordeal.
Contradictory, contentious, moot, vague.
Hazy recollection, in remembrance of.
Undivided attention, undistracted.
Rule out the chance.
Forfeited the moral right to say.
Ripe, baked in mind, dejunk.
Acrobatics to escape the point.
An edge on (over), sharply curtailed.
Reach out to, get through to somebody.
It begs the question. Cog in a wheel.
Trust your gut. Norms reinstated.
Do it along the way. Stand ready to assist. Mince words.
Take precedence over it.
Tinker with details. Meddle in affairs.
Drawing on experience.
Deep-seated distrust, rancour. Acquiescence, succumb.
Vexing disarray. Lies ahead of us.
Information percolates through.
The bell tolls. Roll up sleeves.
Clogged up with old problems. Stalled.
Concoct a plan. Strong aversion to us.
Suffice it to say, improvise on the flight.
Free-flowing dialogues, structureless.
Spiritus rector, mastermind. Frivolous, at will, at whim.
Try the utmost to, be judgemental.
Gratify the request.
Daunting task, ominous. Clarion signal.
Call into doubt, into question, scrutinise.
Under the guise of, veneer, disguised.
Revamp, overhaul, recondition, mend.
Bogged into intricacies, mired in details.
Prone to incentives, susceptible.
Blandishment, inducement to coax, off-guard, wrongfooted.
Stumble on him, encounter by chance, run into, cross path.
Cram the agenda in, concede with a shrug.
The onus, responsibility rests on you.
Nuisance, effrontery, have the nerve.
Cloak fear by smiling, dissemble.
Flip-side, curiosity outweighs fear. Filch this joke.
It resonates with, squares, dovetails, it meshes with our plans, harmonise with.
System glitches and quirks. Freak.
Wield arbitrary power and authority.
Cronies and stooges, poodle.
Conventional wisdom, haunted by this obsession.
Cloud thinking. Train of thoughts.
Under the hood. Flurry of activity. Checks and balances, whistleblower.
Untamed maniacal swindler. At a rough guess.
Blunder into, typo, Freudian slip, fortuitous.
Hasty, expeditious, ostensible goal, pursue.
Forcible or voluntary enforcement.
Devoid of sense and pointless.
Ascribe significance to. Dubbed so.
Delusion of grandeur. Entails, ensues.
Rest assured of. Figment, with impunity.
Switched emphasis under utterly hollow pretext.
Reasonably infer that. Sided with villains. Inference.
Constantly eludes me. Thorough, astute or cursory scrutiny.
Reconcile and then reciprocate. Evocative.
Given the evidence, compelled to, coerced. Provided that.
Cannon fodder. Heed this sage advice.
Set off on the right course, heading toward.
Dissent from your viewpoint. Dispel, debunk.
Muddy waters, uncharted territory.
Pervasive, ubiquitous perception, rife.
Stain on his reputation, tainted by allegations.
Tantalising questions. Wetting appetite.
Stalemated. Unshackled, untethered. Interpose, interject.
To my dismay and consternation.
Disavows the past, repudiate.
Goes without saying. Suffice it to say. As the story goes.
By-product and side-effect. Rumour has it.
Grace us with your presence.
Feud between two camps, foes.
Commuted sentence. Stalk me stealthily.
Long overdue, outside the scope. Settle scores, contiguous issues, adjacent.
Foregone conclusion, ulterior motives.
Add insult to injury. Apologise unreservedly.
Stand trial for, stand accused of, this ends the case.
Give vent to anger, now as before. Juggle, conjure.
A little creepy, frightening.
Tip us out. Outburst of rage. Get ahold of.
Get wind of the gossip.
Fend for ourselves, war of attrition.
Unsuited for this, undue details.
Be faced with. Have regard to.
Unchecked, undivided, untethered power.
Past the tipping point. Capped at, tantamounts to suicide.
Fix your worries. Try not to curse.
Gratuitously offensive. Delve inside myself.
Full-blown, full-fledged, worn out.
Lost for words, at loss. Conducive. Case-law.
Tout in pestering manner. Owe confort. No sweat.
Undistinguishable by bare eye. Devolve into.
If memory serves. Mind you. Faring no better.
Travesty of justice. Fixated on the idea.
Entrapment. Forgo commenting. Next to nothing.
Cocky, arrogant, presumptuous.
***
Trigger, prompt, urge
Usher into, lead, cause. Acquit.
Cleared of allegations, charges dropped.
Boils down to.
Come down to.
Unless I'm very much mistaken.
Misremember. Squander. Overhaul.
Connive at it.
Condone.
Step things up, problems brewing here, or stemming or rooting from there.
Wiggle out of his liability.
Doesn't factor in the equation.
Valiantly resisted.
Pull off the task.
Be on the upswing. Bring about.
Draw up the writ.
Unfettered of, unrestrained, devoid.
Take stock of.
Pry into affairs. Draw on my experience.
Geared toward. Prey on our blunders.
Set about doing it.
Cling to chance. Sneak into.
Lay terms.
Loom, lurk, rustle, creep up to.
Snap out of it.
No one, least of all me.
Ominous, daunting.
To say the least. Crack down on.
Clamp down on. Stifle.
As befits the genre.
Gossiping about. Blabber.  Palaver.
Collude. Disparage. Rampage.
Tinged with.
Sideline the player. Hand over to.
Clogged up with,
Obtrusive.
Redundant, superfluous, cluttered with.
Hold grudge.
Little did we realize.
Contentious, moot, impugned matter, debatable, in dispute. 
It doesn't square with the story.
Facts unfolded, unravel.
[spin] yarns, figment, fabrication.
Gratuitous.
Scoff at...
Unwarranted, presumptuous.
Blanket, indiscriminate. Utterly forgotten.
Expedient.
Summarily.
Obstinately, discretionary. Irretrievable.
Give a read. Surmise.
Backfired, backslide.
Linger on. Hinge on. Digress.
Gleaned from.
Buy into,
snap it up.
Tamper with. Meddle in. Tinker with.
Cast about for.
Quibble about words.
Roundabout, rambling, diffuse, elusive.
Far-fetched conclusion.
Draw to a close.
Scaffold, mockup, tradeoff, dejunk.
Prequel and sequel.
Predicated on, quandary, predicament, conundrum, ordeal. In a pickle.
Vouchsafe me an answer.
Supercilious, condescending, patronising. Final fling.
Mince words.
Quip witty rems.
Begs the question.
In the loosest terms.
Errant, blabber.
Platitudes. Fawn over the guests.
Put/set on hold.
Subsist.
Sealed indictment. Rule out the chance.
Foregone conclusion.
Drawback.
Acrobatics to escape the point. Stunts. Conjure. Juggle with.
Inducement to coax.
To the best of my recollection.
On our own volition. Adulation.
Crammed into, convoluted.
Answer rests in your question.
Call into question the veracity.
Entice into.
No grasp of what it means. Lure. Bait. Decoy.
Rumours has it.
Stir memories.
Hampered by vocabulary. Hinder. Thwart. Concocted story.
Likens one to another.
Conventional wisdom, common sense.
Consistent with. Doesn’t hold.
Purport, ostensible.
Detached from reality.
Quirk. Shenanigan. Deterrence. Swindle.
Instill bias.
Deceit.
Inbuilt, entrenched, hardwired.
Manipulated by authoritarian regimes.
Long for, crave, desire.
Stop by the office on the way.
Yell and whine.
Kick it off.
Take its toll. This has paid off.
Cogent. Manifest.
Blatant.
Go after it. Look forward to it.
Straighten things out.
Dangle.
Arouse suspicions.
Awaken. In-depth. Verbatim. At length. Extensively. Patently. Glaring. Salient.
It gives me away.
All of the sudden. Far cry. At large.
Disgraceful.
Infamous.
Reprehensible. Despicable. Insidious.
Never crossed my mind. 
Lenient. Steadfast.
Resolutely. Peruse. Bodes well.
My take on it.
Untether.
Stand by. Surfaced. Wronged. Propensity.
Feel unease about it.
Imperil.
Hold dear.
Disgruntled. Disaffected. Adamantly.
It entails liability in the ensuing weeks.
Extenuating mitigating circumstances.
Vying, jostling, jousting, grapple.
Long for. Desire. Crave revenge.
Come across, bump into, stumble on.
Take aim at…
Slamming.
In broad daylight, plain sight. Drum up support. Double down efforts.
Tipping point.
Vilify people.
Humouring him. Go sour. Smirk at. Be apprised. Lock horns over. Draw near.
Oversight.
Veiled intent.
Save you the bother. Look a bit off.
Here we go again. Behave yourself.
Ulterior motives.
To no avail.
Dodgy, unreliable or fraudulent.
Unsuited for. Rambling gibberish.
Forthcoming.
Apprehensive.
Forthcoming, apprehensive.
Into undue details. Eat away. Dry up.
Hazard.
Endeavour.
Encroach on freedom. Forgo sleep.
Minded to do it. Come in handy.
Relish, savor.
Wager, bet.
Reach out to him. Escape retribution.
Spring to mind. Libel. Worse yet.
Freak out.
Attend to matters.
No bearing on. Give his due.
Tantamounts to suicide.
Fawning sycophant.
Lower the guard.
Dawned on me, occurred to me.
Reinstate. Premised on false assumption.
Was of no avail.
Squirted out of it.

encumber (burden, cramp), thwart, hinder, embarrass, obstruct, hamper, interfere, meddle in, pry into, resonates with.
stark contrast, sheer, pure, stiff, squarely (directly), gross, severe, sharp, fierce, keen, abrupt, steep.
mitigate (diminish), downplay (belittle), disparage (discredit, vilify, denigrate), commute, wane, ebb away, dwindle, shrink, abate (subside, quite down), allay, exacerbate (worsen, make worse), decrease, reduce, discount, enfeeble (meager), relent (slack), concede (succumb to, surrender, acquiesce to, give in), undercut; assuage grief, alleviate pain, fear, anguish; attenuate, loose temper, fade out.
baffle (confuse, mislead, muddle, befuddle), taken aback, astonish (astound), amaze, abash (disconcerted, embarrassed, ashamed), surprise, daze (stupefy, bewilder, mind-boggling), stunning, staggering, blazing; annoy (exasperate, vex, irritate, infuriate, peeve, bugged); stubborn (opinionated, obstinately, steadfast, resolute), mesmerised (crippled, transfixed); appalling (dire, gruesome, heinous, horrendous), chilly/frosty.
contemptible, despicable (deserving scorn, repugnance, obnoxious, abominable, reprehensible, sordid), abomination, disgrace; negligent, reckless (oblivious, feckless), not diligent; inadvertent (by accident, fortuitous).
enthralling (captivating), endear, sympathetic, thrilled with (enchanted by), delightful, fascinating, charming, groovy, exciting, disenchant (dishearten, disappoint, free him of illusions), unattainable, appealing, promising.
overlook, disregard, elide (leave out of consideration, omit, pass by in silence), flout, pass over, shrug out, disdain, pay no attention, snub, condone (connive), deter from, deterrent, erode, neglect, dodge (fudge), ignore, shun (shy away from, wiggle out of), skim through, cursory glance, flip through.
weird, bizarre, outlandish, peculiar, queer, odd, strange, uncanny, eerie, eccentric, kinky, spooky, the least likely, nothing remotely like.
displace, supplant (supersede and replace), precede, antedate, backdate, rudely suppress, by now, to date, out of date.
bypass, circumvent, surpass, (trump, overtop, prevail, take precedence over), surmount, overcome, lay down, set out/forth.
conversely, on the contrary, in contrast with, dissimilarly, apart from; contrive, devise, concoct, engineer, cast about for, devious/scam, shenanigan, swindle, grifting, filch, fiddle, under the sway/hold, on his leash, at the behest/whim of (fad, quirk, mood swing, vagary, freak).
despise (loathe, detest, abhor), hatred, contempt, disconsider (slight), resent, retaliation, tit-for-tat, revenge, feud, deep-seated rancour, spite, grudge, resentment, malice.
pop up, come up with, arise, appear, emerge, bump into (stumble on/across), run into (encounter, cross path), come across, proliferate, mushroom, boom.
embodies, embed, enclose, encompass, incorporate, embodiment of betterment, embellishment, blandishment, hoax - flattery, coax, inducement, adulation.
alienate, maroon, forsake, forgo-refrain from, eschew (desist from), divert, forestall that by doing this, preclude from (avert, foil), gather (garner), coalesce, muster, marshal/rally, pull together, lump together, assent/dissent from the view, bestow/confer, conferral/bestowment, trespass on/cut into, encroach on his privacy (intrude into, inroad).
tap into (enter), gear up for, be poised to do, bump into, pop into view, hop to, what has befallen him, what we underwent, hinge on (contingent on, dependent on), conditioned to, support (underpin, endorse, bolster, back, prop up), draw on, impinge on, provided that, nurture (bring up, raise, groom), befriend.
lofty, sublime, heightening, flamboyant, embellish, vivid, vibrant, ludicrous, ridicule, hilarious, amusing, groovy, deride, grotesque, dizzying.
undergo, scramble through, sneak in, creep up, sniff around, impute, vindicate imputation, elaborated, sophisticated, pertinent details, pertaining to.
pitfall, trap, cage, ensnare, enticement (a lure/bait); moron (dull-witted), nutcase, jerk, nutjob, jackass.
in the wake of, aftermath/outcome, repercussion/corollary; unburden yourself, pour yourself out.
dispel/debunk (myth, doubt), bust, cast doubts, falter in (dither, wobble between, teeter), rebut (charges), refute, reject, disprove, rebuff abruptly, repudiate, disavow, decline, deflect, revoke (annul, rescind, rescission), repeal (quash, overrule, override, set aside, reverse, remand), dissuade, repel, bounce back, resilient (quick to recover from difficulties), expel, evacuate, exorcise, elude (equivocation), relinquish (waive rights, renounce), concede, fall back.
harbour/host life, fence by/with, hardwired, ingrained habit, inherent, intrinsic, intimately, innermost, essential, immanent, ~extrinsic, reliance on, trust, conceal, hide, shroud, shield, abscond, lurk, cringe, gullible, naive, credulous, spurious, sham, stealth, bias, preconceived, prejudge, disqualifying, fallacy, shady, deceitful, forged, falsified, counterfeit, fake, phony, rigged, tampered, trumped up (fabricated, fictitious, apocryphal), doctored, concocted, bogus, fib (small lie).
thorough ~cursory, accurate, astute, painstaking, strenuous (assiduous, meticulous), perspicacious, shrewd, scarcely, hardly, barely.
flee, banish, exile, compel to refuge, compelled to reveal himself, unpalatable truth, benchmark, he muddied the waters.
dispatch, dispense, apportion, divvy, divide, distribute, in due course, on the occasion, crowd/flock around, amass (accrue).
to con into, cunning (sly,dodgy), mischievous (mean, naughty, prankish), vile/petty, despicable, contemptible, treacherous, callous/cruel.
mingle with, mix with, blend, mess with, melt, combine, compound, conflate, convolution.
enshrine, foster, arrogate, cope with, cherish, hail, salute, herald, revere, relish.
chat with, hangout, nourish, feed, fuel, stoke, fanning, devour, embroil, entangle, intricate (intricacies), liaise, mesh with, linkage to.
cram into, riddled with, teemed with, replete with, stuffed with, be littered with, be crawling with, cluttered with/by, infest with, fraught with, imbued with, swarmed with, accounts for, accountable for.
henchman, crony, acolyte, accomplice, nominee (puppet, strawman, stooge, marionette, figurehead), proxies, allies, nexus, hitman, subservient, servile, cringing, proselyte, delinquent, offender, villain,  thug, highwayman, culprit, orchestrated, framed-up, concerted.
scatter, crack, sunder-split, bust, shatter-crumble, fall apart/disintegrate, dissipate, dispense, cast, shed, pour, discern, susceptible to, prone to gratifying, indulge, healing, echo, reverberate, echo effect, cascading, pay attention, heed, it pales beside - in comparison with, it lies in, it falls into.
tardy, protracted, overdue, delayed, retarded, shelving, overstretched, procrastinate, temporised, put off doing, belatedness, ~long-standing (enduring); data drilling, dig/dug, pierce, tunnel, penetrate, permeate, bore into.
perpetrate, proponent (apologist, defender), prolific, prominent, notorious, pre-eminent, noticeable, salient, remarkable, conspicuous, grasp, grab, grip of power/attention, clench.
flatter, flirt with, sedate, appealing, rife, pervasive (pervade), ubiquitous, widespread, endemic.
ascribe, attribute, allegedly (ostensibly, purportedly, on the face, apparently), impute, pretend, purport, ostensible blunder (Freudian slip, gaffe, faulty, oversight, omission, inadvertence, cock-up), reportedly, with impunity.
perplex, to bewilder, flummox, bewilderment, nuisance, dismay, consternation, shock, daunting (ominous, threatening, sinister), in a pickle (in a big problem, predicament, plight, quandary, conundrum), inconvenience, annoyance, bummer.
drawback, flaw, shortcoming, deadlock, impasse, political gridlock (paralysis), downside (disadvantage, handicap, setback), stray from (move away, divert, deviate, derail, depart from), deflect the judgment.
Dammit! Who the hell is… Symbiotic (in interdependent relationship), hybrid, amalgam, compound, admixture, bonanza.
precursor, ancestor, predecessor, forerunner-pioneer, successor, leader and laggard, remnant; abject/humble.
bold, courageous, doughty ~daunting, brave, manly, fortitude, have the guts, audacity, valiant.
dodge, fudge, steer toward, head to, set off to, budge, lure, reckon, hype, tout, peddle.
Cheat, spoof, bilk, screw up, scam, deceive, delude, mislead, (out)fox, bluff, blabber, guff, hoodwink, bamboozle, dupe, dissemble, feign, cloak, misrepresent, discernment, sagacity.
guesstimate, gauge, measure, appraise, evaluate, assess, parse, ponder, fathom, dependably rely on, confidently, safe to say, contend that, submit that, galvanised, clustered tightly around, drain from, detach from.
prompt, urge, impel, compel, boost, coerce, impose, enforce, prescribe, enjoin, (injunction, compulsion, constraint), arrest warrant.
dwell on, hover over, linger, hatch, incubate, hook, bend rules, inflect, by no means.
redundant, superfluous, futile, no go, extinct, inexorable (adamantly), absolve, exonerate, implacable, relentless, reluctant, defunct.
wield, handle, manage, master technique, yield, harness, use, employ, crafted, designed, tailored for.
clear and crisp, clarion, pure and plain, clear-cut, flat-out, bluntly, uncluttered, unobtrusive, unimpeded, unobstructed, unopposed, hindrance-impediment.
fuzzy, hazy, murky, vague, blurred, befogged, foggy, bogged down, mired into, sunk, mud, slime, swamped, flood, overload, inaccurate, dissolute.
tip (off), allude, hint, indication, clue, inkling, hunch, conjecture, finding, estimation, figure out, obey, heed, abide by, comply with, exert, experience, pile on, impinge, influence, impart, jammed between.
central, core, key, essential, pivotal, gist, crux of the matter, kernel, chief, primary, root, crucial, critical, vital, prime purpose, last but not least, doom, gloomy view, dim, dreary, bleak, inbuilt bias, grim statistics.
ill-founded, perverse, distorted, groundless, blanket, indiscriminate.
verge, edge, margin, fringe, limit, on the brink of.
hunch, intuition, premonition, presentiment, forebodings, misgiving, apprehension.
fetch, foreshadow, prefigure, rest assured, with a premise, depict, portray, delineate.
Indict for, arraign on charges, put on trial for, charge with an offence, stand accused of, acquit, redress, exonerate, relief, injury, inflict, afflict, flawed, viciate, impair, defile, distortion, deficient, vicious, prejudicial, pejorative, invective, deriding term, derogatory, disparaging, downplay, shrug out.
soaring achievement, attainment, tantalising accomplishment, torment, excruciate (ordeal), intertwine, interlock, entwined, twisted, interconnected, interdependent, coupled with, corroborated with, glued, weld, alongside with, combined, conjointly with, fused with, confluence, merging, embroiled, entangled, côte-à-côte.
impede, adjourn, postpone, temporise, impending, scheduled, slated for, due to be, fortuitous, hover, cherry-picking, preemptive, laggy (slow to respond), sluggish, sluggishness, linger, ~snappy, agile.
pillage, spoil, booty, lucrative business, funnel cash, siphon, steal, infringe, breach, transgress, infraction, disobey, strip, hijack, usurp, misappropriate, alienate.
incidentally, colloquial, vernacular jargon, alas, latency, amid mob, domestic avenues exhausted, misapprehension-misconception.
hassle (clash, skirmish, melee, scuffle, tussle, fray, squabble), impact, turmoil, upheaval, fuss, squabble, uproar, quarrel, grapple, ~smooth, ~mild, ~slick.
volatile, mercurial, fickle, clumsy-dexter, cumbersome, eavesdrop, wiretap, subterfuge (ruse, ploy, stratagem, loophole, workaround), embezzle, loot, rob, mug, heist, defraud, rape, divest, dispossess, grab, plunder (pillage), amass, cynical, loutish theft.
praise, laudatory, spawn rumours, blabber on, palaver, gossip, chitchat, give rise to, beget, arouse, awaken, hearsay, purposive interpretation, rude and impolite, ruthless, ~courtesy, inexorable, implacable, intransigent, uncompromising.
ascertain, ensure, give credence to, assert, disprove, vouch, conceive, perceive, apprehend, comprehend, reflect, grasp.
devise, contrive, plot, spot, map, engineer, invent, concoct, a figment of, yarn, make up, construe.
boast, brag, mock (scoff at, taunt), criticise (revile, slam, rebuke, diatribe, take aim at), giggle (smirk at, chuckle, grin), scout, bestow, endow, lavish (generous, wasteful), with generosity - largesse, finesse.
pursuant to the terms, imply, infer (inference), derive, ensue from, flow out of, assume, presuppose, entail, set forth; worthwhile to take, benign, ~untoward, adverse, pernicious, hazardous, precarious (wobbly, shaky), malign.
deceptively simple, annoyingly difficult, damn freaking simple.
hasty, expeditious, in rush, rapid, fast, swift, hurriedly.
chief, paramount, ~petty, ~subsidiary, pressing-pushing, utmost, crucial, trigger, determinant, decisive, concise, thumbnail, major-minor.
cogent, evident, obvious, manifest, patently, blatant, flagrant, glaring, ostensive, genuinely, plainly (unmistakably), bluntly, brute fact, wanton, outrageous, debauching, rampage, unrestrained.
striking, gross, severe, rampant, flagrant, egregious, flamboyant, colourful, unparalleled, unmatched, unprecedented, unrivalled, inconceivable, imperceptibly, inapprehensible.
point out, stress, highlight, outline, emphasise, pinpoint, underscore, gloomy forecast, address, refer, raise, pose, subjected to, tackle, tinker with, sort out, unravel (untangle), targeted at, morphed into, rooted in, tweak (fine-tune).
as regards, as (far as it) concerns, with regard to, in respect of, with respect to, in relation to, relative to, in connection with; in view of this, from my perspective, irrespective of, regardless of.
impugned matter, moot, in question, in dispute, at issue (matter at hand), under discussion, contentious issue, charge imputed, confide, confess, testimonies, perjury (bearing false witness).
incentive, impetus, momentum, spur, stimulus, lean/sway toward, it stinks, reeks.
lawsuits, docket, entries in the court rolls.
squabble, wrestle, contend, fight, confront, tussle, struggle, strife, assail, pounce on (hound), grapple with, to immerse in.
crook, swindler, looter, villain, culprit, thief, racketeer, robber, rapper, raider, burglar - calumny, slur, slander, defame, gossip, debauching.
argument sustained, irrefutable, to counter (object, demur, dispute), irrebuttable, solid, untenable, indefensible, feeble (tenuous, flimsy, insubstantial), strong, solid, compelling, judicious, sensible (cerebral), expedient, sanity, meaningful, thoughtful, candid, indefensible, cogent and conclusive evidence, excluded from the outset.
in support of, on the grounds of, accurate, indirectly inferred from, supportive, probative, shred of evidence, self-evident, indisputable, irrefragable, unimpeachable, incontrovertible evidence, unassailable, undeniable, infallible.
in the blink of an eye, gleam, glimpse into, glance, gaze, stare, insight, spark.
presumably, probably, seemingly, apparently, supposedly, reputedly, allegedly (ostensibly), reportedly.
sully, nasty, muddy, dirty about, filthy, obscene (lewd), freak of/funky, match, fit the theory, certain length of time, scant/meager, loosely known as, to culminate with/top it all, climax, kindle the spark.
draft a letter, file/lodge a request, rejoinder/reply, switch emphasis, preconceived statement, proved pointless/decisive, bundle the case, court bundle, broad and purposive interpretation, misconstrued.
tedious, boring, dull, tiresome, restless, long-winded (at length), exhausting, fatiguing, wearisome, weary.
witty, quip, catty, spiteful, caustic remark, uplift, elevate onto the forefront.
long for (yearn for, pine for, crave), desire (fancy).
silly/dumb question; disgraceful, infamous;
values you espouse, embrace, advocate.
have a nerve, strike a raw nerve, have the guts to, be impudent (brazen, arrogant, presumptuous, shameless, cheek), aggressive, obstinately, opinionated, steadfastly, show effrontery.
willingly, voluntarily or forcibly, witting or unwitting, in despondent mood, discouraged (dispirit, unnerve, dishearten, depress), go rogue, act on one’s own, against expectations or orders.
tough, tempted to say, tightly tied/bound, borne in mind, decent precision, overwhelming, futile, hollow pretext, pointless, narrative.
have qualms (reservations, concerns, unease, anxiety) about, be apprehensive, not forthcoming, underway, in progress, ongoing, abreast, afoot, in full swings, aligned with, updated, in line with.
